coretasks: update event priorities from high to medium (#2018)
sopel-irc/sopel: docs/source/plugin/advanced.rst

.. _plugin-advanced:

======================
Advanced Tips & Tricks
======================

> Now that you know the basics about plugins, you may have more
> questions, or there is a specific need you want to fulfill but can't quite
> grasp how to implement it. After all, this documentation alone can't cover
> every possible case!

Reviewer: Prime example of something I couldn't review the other day on mobile: wrapping. Phone screen isn't wide enough (and I don't think GitHub's app shows indentation properly anyway). In this case I also reworded it. Beware that re-wrapping the original will cause "case!" to become a widow.

```suggestion
Now that you know the basics about plugins, you may have more questions, or
you might have a specific need but can't quite grasp how to implement it.
After all, this documentation alone can't cover every possible case!
```

In this chapter, we'll try to share the many tips and tricks both core
developers and plugin authors have found over time.

If something is not in here, feel free to ask about it on our IRC channel, or

> maybe open an issue with the solution you come up with for your own plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
maybe open an issue with the solution if you devise one yourself.
```

I'm wordsmithing, nothing to see here. 🙈

Tracking events before/after the bot did
========================================

When a user joins a channel, or quits the server, Sopel will automatically
update the information about said user and channel. For example, when they
join a channel, that information is recorded in
:attr:`bot.channels <sopel.bot.Sopel.channels>` by adding a new
:class:`User <sopel.tools.target.User>` object to the correct
:attr:`channel.users <sopel.tools.target.Channel.users>` dict.

That's all good until you want to do something before or after the change has
been recorded by Sopel: you need to be careful how you declare your rules.

> Before Event

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before event
```

We seem pretty consistent, at least in the more recent docs, about using `Sentence case` for headings instead of `Title Case`.

------------

To handle an event before Sopel records any change, you should use these
decorators together::

    @plugin.event('event-name')  # replace by your event
    @plugin.priority('high')     # ensure execution before Sopel
    @plugin.thread(False)        # ensure sequential execution
    @plugin.unblockable          # optional
    def before_event_name(bot, trigger):
        # the bot is not updated yet

> The high priority and running the callable sequentially ensure together that
> anything you do in your callable will be done **before** Sopel updates its
> state: users won't be added or removed yet on JOIN/QUIT.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Requesting high priority and sequential (unthreaded) execution together ensure
that anything you do in your callable will be done **before** Sopel updates its
state: users won't be added or removed yet on JOIN/QUIT.
```

> After Event

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After event
```

See `Before Event` header.

-----------

To handle an event after Sopel recorded any change, you should use these
decorators together::

    @plugin.event('event-name')  # replace by your event
    @plugin.priority('low')      # ensure execution after Sopel
    @plugin.thread(False)        # optional
    @plugin.unblockable          # optional
    def after_event_name(bot, trigger):
        # the bot has been updated already

The low priority is enough to ensure that anything you do in your callable will
be done **after** Sopel updated its state: users won't exist anymore after
a QUIT/PART event, and they will be available after a JOIN event.

> Note that you don't specifically needs to use ``@plugin.thread(False)``, but

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that you don't specifically need to use ``@plugin.thread(False)``, but
```

    def before_event_name(bot, trigger):
        # the bot is not updated yet

> Requesting high priority and sequential (unthreaded) execution together ensure

Reviewer: Uh-oh, I've been attacked by @Exirel's nemesi**S** 😱 🙈

```suggestion
Requesting high priority and sequential (unthreaded) execution together ensures
```

Even native English speakers get confused about plurals sometimes!
